This project includes some components for GWT 1.5:
  * a PickerPanel with an implementation of a ColorPicker with 3 layouts (square 4x4, vertical and horizontal). The PickerDemo project shows how to use the PickerPanel with the color picker configurations. Check this project if you just want to see how to use a color picker in your application. The ColorPickerTest project contains the source code for the PickerPanel and the ColorPicker extensions. The PickerPanel could be used as a PickerPanel for other sorts of objects. It could be used to build an ImagePicker for example by subclassing the PickerCellManager and IPickerCell.

  * a DomIterator used with DOM element matchers (IElementMatchers) to iterate through the DOM and find elements with certain properties or attributes. The example matchers provided match one or several class names and id attribute. Two projects are provided: DomIteratorDemo and DomIteratorJarTest. DomIteratorDemo contains the full source of the DomIterator, the matchers and the tools to generate DomIterator.jar. DomIteratorJarTest is an example project that shows how to use DomIterator.jar in your project. First look at DomIteratorJarTest and see how easy it is to use DomIterator in your code. Then look at the source code in the DomIteratorDemo project if you need to write a custom matcher for your application. The DomIteratorDemo javadoc is there to browse as well.

All these projects are Java only in GWT 1.5.3, no Javascript involved in the source. The code should run on all browsers supported by GWT 1.5.3.